IsCourseActivitySyncEnabled for LearningProvider (#21464)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/learningcourseactivity.md

|startedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Date and time when the self-initiated course was started by the learner. Optional.|
|status|courseStatus|The status of the course activity. Possible values are: `notStarted`, `inProgress`, `completed`. Required.|

> >**Note**: A provider can ingest course activities when courseAcitvitySyncEnabled is set to `true`. Please use the [Update learningProvider API](../api/learningprovider-update.md) to update the value.  

Reviewer: Revise as:

>**Note**: A provider can ingest course activities when **courseAcitvitySyncEnabled** is set to `true`. To update the value, use the [Update learningProvider](../api/learningprovider-update.md) method.

> >**Note**: A provider can ingest course activities when courseAcitvitySyncEnabled is set to `true`. Please use the [Update learningProvider API](../api/learningprovider-update.md) to update the value.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**Note**: A provider can ingest course activities when courseAcitvitySyncEnabled is set to `true`. To update the value, use the [Update learningProvider API](../api/learningprovider-update.md) method.  
```

> >**Note**: A provider can ingest course activities when `isCourseAcitvitySyncEnabled` is set to `true`. To update the value, use the [Update learningProvider](../api/learningprovider-update.md) method.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**Note**: A provider can ingest course activities when **isCourseAcitvitySyncEnabled** is set to `true`. To update the value, use the [Update learningProvider](../api/learningprovider-update.md) method.  
```

> >**Note**: Course activities can only be ingested for a provider when courseAcitvitySyncEnabled is true. Please use the [Update learningProvider API](../api/learningprovider-update.md) to update the same. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**Note**: A provider can ingest course activities when courseAcitvitySyncEnabled is set to true. Please use the [Update learningProvider API](../api/learningprovider-update.md) to update the value. 
```
